 So, how do you make a website compliant with GDPR and other information data privacy laws? Again, and again, we've seen the same common mistakes on, you know, hundreds and thousands of websites. So, I want to go through three very common mistakes in this video to make sure that you don't do the same mistakes. So, one of them is that do you have a cookie banner, which blocked cookies before you have explicit consent? Okay, I want to show you how it can be done. So, if you take a look on this website right here, we have a cookie banner, which communicates the privacy notice, and also you have to embed the ability to block cookies before a user presses accept. Okay, so that's something your solution should be able to do. Basically, be able to block cookies before you have received explicit consent. Okay, another best practice you want to have included in your banner is not only the ability to accept, but also the client, the cookie banner, as you see right here. In this specific case right here, we have chosen an approach of being transparent with the data we collect. So, we have what we call a detailed cookie banner. So, you can take details and you can see what type of cookies and plugins we use on the website and your ability to change the dissentings right here. Other ways you can make it look and style to make it fit in a beautiful way to your website is like this. And here's another beautiful way to make it stylish and make it fit your website. So, you have a number of ways to make it look and feel perfect to your own website. Okay, now that's one of the areas we want to walk through in terms of the cookie banner. A second part is have you made it easy to withdraw consent? Okay, so from a technical aspect, this is quite complicated. So, in this case, let's say that I have now consented for the cookies and trackers. Now, how do you actually change the consent? Now, you may have difficulty because of the little widget down here. But we actually have what we call a trust badge, which you can move in different locations on the website. But what's really smart about it is that it is interactive. So, in the case of, let's say, analytics, it provides you an ability to opt in, but also opt out and basically change the users previously given consent as well. And that's something we document inside our back end as well. Okay, so that's a way to communicate additional privacy information, but also to be very transparent and provide the ability for the user to withdraw consent at a later time. Okay, so very important. So, that is the second point. Now, the third point is do you have evidence of valid consent? I want to show you how it looks inside the administration panel. So, if I go to consent tracking and let's say I now press refresh right here, you can then see that I have now declined for analytics right here. So, you can basically see that I have declined and we now have a record of the consent in real time, documented by a secure privacy as well. So, that's something you have to have in mind when you implement a GDPR, E privacy, or LTPD solution for your websites and your company. Okay, so, three common mistakes. Thanks. I hope it makes sense. Autolize with the habit to hear from you.